sources/0_deploy/k8s/production-nginx/README.md, before:

Here you can find all needed steps to deploy this project on kubernetes

## ConfigMaps \& Secrets
```sh
sh create-config-maps.sh
```

## Maven

The Maven pom file is configured in order to provide two profiles per each project: development and production. In the development one the exludeDevTools property is set to false so that you can trigger from IntelliJ or any IDE the live reload server to restart the application whenever the code changes.
This capability has to be disabled in production environemnt for security purposes.

## Production environment (using nginx as pod + a stupid ingress)

Run on Minikube.

```sh
    eval $(minikube docker-env)

    cd ../../
    sh build-prod.sh
    
    kubectl apply -f ./persistentvolumes/ds-mysql-volume-persistentvolumeclaim.yaml
    
    kubectl apply -f ./db
    kubectl apply -f ./storage
    kubectl apply -f ./filemanagementservice
    kubectl apply -f ./apigateway
    
    kubectl apply -f ./ingress
```

## /etc/hosts

```sh
echo "$(minikube ip) osa.localhost" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
```

## Test with curl!
```
  # Register new user
  curl --location --request POST 'http://osa.localhost/fms/register' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data-raw '{"nickname":"user","email":"user@a.a","password":"user"}'

  # Show uploaded metadatas
  curl --user user@a.a:user --location --request GET 'http://osa.localhost/fms/' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'
  
  # Upload file metadata
  curl --user user@a.a:user --location --request POST 'http://osa.localhost/fms/' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data-raw '{"filename" : "README.md","author" : "localhost gang"}'
  
  # Upload the file (be careful, it's a POST /{previously-returned-id}
  curl --user user@a.a:user --location --request POST 'http://osa.localhost/fms/2' --form 'file=@./README.md'
  
  # Get uploaded file url (be careful, it's a GET/{previously-returned-id}
  curl --location --request GET 'http://osa.localhost/fms/2' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'

```

Commit message:

k8s production WITHOUT MINIO BUG is here

sources/0_deploy/k8s/production-nginx/README.md, after:

Here you can find all needed steps to deploy this project on kubernetes

## ConfigMaps \& Secrets
```sh
sh create-config-maps.sh
```

## Maven

The Maven pom file is configured in order to provide two profiles per each project: development and production. In the development one the exludeDevTools property is set to false so that you can trigger from IntelliJ or any IDE the live reload server to restart the application whenever the code changes.
This capability has to be disabled in production environemnt for security purposes.

## Production environment (using nginx as pod + a stupid ingress)

Run on Minikube.

```sh
    eval $(minikube docker-env)

    cd ../../
    sh build-prod.sh
    cd ./k8s/production-nginx

    kubectl apply -f ./persistentvolumes/

    kubectl apply -f ./db

    # minio assumes dynamic provisioning enabled
    # read this https://medium.com/@zhimin.wen/persistent-volume-claim-for-statefulset-8050e396cc51
    #
    # see https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/dynamic-provisioning/
    # and this https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/stateful-application/basic-stateful-set/
    kubectl apply -f ./storage

    kubectl apply -f ./filemanagementservice
    kubectl apply -f ./nginx

    kubectl apply -f ./ingress
```

## /etc/hosts

```sh
echo "$(minikube ip) osa.localhost" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
```

## Test with curl!
```
  # Register new user
  curl --location --request POST 'http://osa.localhost/fms/register' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data-raw '{"nickname":"user","email":"user@a.a","password":"user"}'

  # Show uploaded metadatas
  curl --user user@a.a:user --location --request GET 'http://osa.localhost/fms/' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'

  # Upload file metadata
  curl --user user@a.a:user --location --request POST 'http://osa.localhost/fms/' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data-raw '{"filename" : "README.md","author" : "localhost gang"}'

  # Upload the file (be careful, it's a POST /{previously-returned-id}
  curl --user user@a.a:user --location --request POST 'http://osa.localhost/fms/2' --form 'file=@./README.md'

  # Get uploaded file url (be careful, it's a GET/{previously-returned-id}
  curl --location --request GET 'http://osa.localhost/fms/2' --header 'Content-Type: application/json'

```
